MyMVA/README.md, before:


# Projects Description
* **ConsoleApp1**
>> "dotnet new console" command to create a console applicaiton project  
>> EFCore Migration in the code using EF Core.
>> Developed models and setup database every time we run the program and display the data on console.
* **MyWebApp**
>> Added default .net core 2.2 website with no authentication to practice Azure deployment 
>> directly from VS 2019. 
* **MyMVA**
>>Simple ASP .NET Core web application with default template.  
>>Try to read machine property and some property from the "appsettings.json" file.  
>>WebApp using ASP .NET Core
>> Read message from appsettings.development.json file in the razor page.  
>> Use "Configuration Settings" inside index.cshtml
* **MVCWebApp**
>> MVC Web Application using traditional .NET Framework 4.7
>> Added just to view the components and directory structures of various 
>> files and compare with new .NET Core template files and see how
>> much its compressed.
* **WebApplication2**
>> .NET Core Web API project with default "ValuesController".  
>> Ticket controller also added with basic operations implementation and 
>> "Swaggers" API. (Only three lines of code to add 'Swaggers' in the API and
>> automatically Swaggers will create UI for us to access the Web API operations.) 
* **WebApplication24** 
>>RepeatTagHelper class in .NET Core web application.  
>>Design custom tag to be used in "index.cshtml" and implement its code behind in the .cs file.  
>>Trying to add QRCode package for two factor authentication. Still in progress..

Commit message:

DB is not properly setup - seeded with blogs and posts datatables to properly showcase the EF Core features and usage. Need to fix it. Added useful project descriptions in README.md file at solution level.

MyMVA/README.md, after:


# Projects Description
* **ConsoleApp1**
>> "dotnet new console" command to create a console applicaiton project  
>> EFCore Migration in the code using EF Core.
>> Developed models and setup database every time we run the program and display the data on console.
>> But Unfortunately its not working as well as there is data only in the "Themes" table and not in 
>> "Blogs" or "Posts" tables to showcase to user. Need to fix the issue and add some seed data in 
>> all the tables.
* **MyWebApp**
>> Added default .net core 2.2 website with no authentication to practice Azure deployment 
>> directly from VS 2019. 
* **MyMVA**
>>Simple ASP .NET Core web application with default template.  
>>Try to read machine property and some property from the "appsettings.json" file.  
>>WebApp using ASP .NET Core
>> Read message from appsettings.development.json file in the razor page.  
>> Use "Configuration Settings" inside index.cshtml
* **MVCWebApp**
>> MVC Web Application using traditional .NET Framework 4.7
>> Added just to view the components and directory structures of various 
>> files and compare with new .NET Core template files and see how
>> much its compressed.
* **WebApplication2**
>> .NET Core Web API project with default "ValuesController".  
>> Ticket controller also added with basic operations implementation and 
>> "Swaggers" API. (Only three lines of code to add 'Swaggers' in the API and
>> automatically Swaggers will create UI for us to access the Web API operations.) 
* **WebApplication24** 
>>RepeatTagHelper class in .NET Core web application.  
>>Design custom tag to be used in "index.cshtml" and implement its code behind in the .cs file.  
>>Trying to add QRCode package for two factor authentication. Still in progress..
